---
toc: true
layout: post
description: A minimal example of using markdown with fastpages.
categories: [markdown]
title: 5.3 and 5.4 Blog 
---

**Intentional or Purposeful bias (Crossover Group Up, 10 minutes)**
Google “What age groups use Facebook” vs “… TikTok”? What does the data say? Is there purposeful exclusion in these platforms? Is it harmful? Should it be corrected? Is it good business?

- The average age of facebook users were 25-34 years old. For tiktok users an average age was 16-24 years old. I think the date is purposeful because the advertisements they have on each platform is skewed to the ages.
Why do virtual assistants have female voices? Amazon, Alexa Google, Apple Siri. Was this purposeful? Is it harmful? Should it be corrected? Is it good business?

- The femakle voice has been known to be sounding as comforting, supportive, and trustworthy. I think it's good for business but I don't see how it could harmful.
Talk about an algorithm that influences your decisions, think about these companies (ie FAANG - Facebook, Amazon, Apple,Netflix, Google)

- These companies have a big control over your lives and actions. They provide an constant media into our brains with news and ads all over the pace. They give us media that is addictive that can consume our lives. They also give us resources that make our lives easier.

Does the owner of the computer think this was intentional?
- No I don't think he thought it was intentional, he didn't seem mad by the tone of the voice. He was kinda joking the whole time.
If yes or no, justify you conclusion.
How do you think this happened? 
- I think they use some sort of light tracking and they were picking up the light/reflection off of wanda's skin. 
Is this harmful? Was it intended to be harmful or exclude?
- I don't think it was harmful if this was a mistake, it is was intentional then it would be harmful.
Should it be corrected?
- I think it should be corrected because it is completely unfair to people of darker skins buying the same products of people of fairer skin.
What would you or should you do to produce a better outcome
- I would create a different type of camera focusing software so it works with all different kinds of people.

**Obtaining Data via Crowdsourcing (Crossover Group Up, ~10 minutes)**
We have all experienced Crowdsourcing by using external data through API’s, namely RapidAPI. This data has influenced how we code and shown possibilities in obtaining and analyzing data. Discuss APIs you have used.

- I have used a movie API, weather API, Amazon API, Stock API.
We have all participated in code Crowdsourcing by using GitHub. Many of you have forked from the Teacher repository, or exchanged code with fellow students. Not only can we analyze GitHub code, but we can obtain profiles and history about the persons coding history. What is the biggest discovery you have found in GitHub?
- The biggest discovery I have found on github is that you can see commit history. Also Wgetting was another big discovery i have found this trimester.
Kaggle datasets for code and science exploration. The avenue of data points us youtube or netflix channels. Analyzing crowd data helps us make decisions. Exam top 10 to 20. Did you see anything interesting?

- I think that everything in this top 20 is seen in all the over FAANG companies and it shows that people listen to these resources.

**Summary** 

- I think this shows that media and technology own a big part of our life. They use these small little tactics like making ads personalized and making AI voices feminine. I think these FAANG companies have way more influence than we think and feed us information that is useful for them. I think crowdsourcing can be a using tool in this generation so we can get a lot of quick information in one big bunch like an API.