toc: true
layout: post
description: A minimal example of using markdown with fastpages.
categories: [markdown]
title: 5.5 and 5.6 Blog with Reflection
---


**5.5 Blog Post Reflection**
When you create a GitHub repository it requests a license type. Review the license types in relationship to this Tech Talk and make some notes in your personal blog.
In your blog, summarize the discussions and personal analysis on Software Licenses/Options, Digital Rights, and other Legal and Ethical thoughts from this College Board topic.
Make a license for your personal (blog) and Team repositories for the CPT project. Be sure to have a license for both Team GitHub repositories (frontend/backend). Document license(s) you picked and why. FYI, frontend, since it is built on GitHub pages may come with a license and restrictions. Document in blog how team made license choice and process of update.

**5.6 Blog Post Reflection**

Blog Post Reflection:
Describe PII you have seen on project in CompSci Principles.

- Some personal information I've seen in CompSci is email and phone #. Github requires you to sign up with email. It's important that this information is encrypted so that it can’t be publicly accessed.

What are your feelings about PII and your personal exposure?

-I believe that some personal information is good to be shared. I believe that having a resume that can be accessed online can be good to be shown so you can get a job. 

Describe good and bad passwords? What is another step that is used to assist in authentication.

- Good passwords are made up of a few key components including randomness, complexity and length. If your password is predictable, simple and or/short, chances are it is less secure. I think another step that can be used with 2FA is asking for security questions along with the text message they send you.

Try to describe Symmetric and Asymmetric encryption.

-Symmetric encryption uses a private key to encrypt and decrypt an encrypted email. Asymmetric encryption uses the public key of the recipient to encrypt the message. 

Provide an example of encryption we used in AWS deployment.

- We used a private and public key to set up our gitup fastpages when we first got our first repository.

Describe a phishing scheme you have learned about the hard way. Describe some other phishing techniques.

-I don’t think I’ve ever been caught with a phishing technique but I can describe some. Some ways they try to get you is pretending to be a big agency like your bank provider and ask that you reset your password. Another way is through ads and other ways to promote their schemes.

**5.6 Blog Post Reflection**

Blog Post Reflection

When you create a GitHub repository it requests a license type. Review the license types in relationship to this Tech Talk and make some notes in your personal blog.

In your blog, summarize the discussions and personal analysis on Software Licenses/Options, Digital Rights, and other Legal and Ethical thoughts from this College Board topic.
- When we talked about liscneses it was mostly between MIT and GPL license. It was shown that if you used GPL you have to give credit to the creators. 

Make a license for your personal (blog) and Team repositories for the CPT project. Be sure to have a license for both Team GitHub repositories (frontend/backend). Document license(s) you picked and why. FYI, frontend, since it is built on GitHub pages may come with a license and restrictions. Document in blog how team made license choice and process of update.

**Process of making License**

1. I went into Github pages
2. Added a new file
3. Chose a license from a templete
4. Chose a MIT license
5. Committed it to a master branch

